   Elm: Concurrent FRP for Functional GUIs
                                     Evan Czaplicki

                                      30 March 2012




                                         Abstract

     Graphical user interfaces (GUIs) mediate almost all of our interactions with computers,
whether it is through web pages, phone apps, or desktop applications. Functional Reactive
Programming (FRP) is a promising approach to GUI design. This thesis presents Elm, a
concurrent FRP language focused on easily creating responsive GUIs. Elm has two major
features: (1) purely functional graphical layout and (2) support for Concurrent FRP. Purely
functional graphical layout is a high level framework for working with complex visual com-
ponents. It makes it quick and easy to create and combine text, images, and video into
rich multimedia displays. Concurrent FRP solves some of FRP’s long-standing efficiency
problems: global delays and needless recomputation. Together, Elm’s two major features
simplify the complicated task of creating responsive and usable graphical user interfaces.
This thesis also includes a fully functional compiler for Elm, available at elm-lang.org. This
site includes an interactive code editor that allows you to write and compile Elm programs
online with no download or install.
                                   Acknowledgments

     Thank you Stephen Chong, my thesis advisor. This thesis would not have been possible
without your tireless guidance and encouragement. Thank you Greg Morrisett and Stuart
Shieber, my two thesis readers. I am looking forward to your comments and impressions.
I am grateful to all three of you, not only for reading and critiquing this thesis, but also
for teaching wonderfully thought provoking and fun classes that have greatly influenced my
study of Computer Science. Finally, thank you Natalie and Randi Czaplicki for your love
and support.




                                             i
Contents
1 Introduction                                                                     1

2 Background and Related Works                                                     4
  2.1 Functional Reactive Programming . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        4
  2.2 Message-Passing Concurrency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      9
  2.3 Existing FRP GUI Frameworks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11

3 The Core Language                                                               13
  3.1 The Syntax: Manipulating Discrete Signals . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       13
  3.2 The Type System: Enforcing the Safe Use of Signals . . . . . . . . .        16
  3.3 Embedding Arrowized FRP in Elm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        18
  3.4 Syntax-Directed Initialization Semantics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    19

4 Concurrent FRP                                                                  22
  4.1 An Intuition for Signal Graphs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    22
  4.2 Signal Graphs and the Global Event Dispatcher . . . . . . . . . . . .       23
  4.3 Asynchronous Updates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    25
  4.4 Translation to Concurrent ML . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      27
  4.5 Benefits of Concurrency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   31

5 Functional GUIs with Elm                                                        32
  5.1 The Elements of Data Display . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    32
  5.2 Irregular Forms and Complex Composition . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         34
  5.3 Reactive GUIs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36
  5.4 The Benefits of Functional GUIs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     38

6 Implementing Elm                                                                39

7 Conclusion                                                                      41




                                         ii
1    Introduction
Functional Reactive Programming (FRP) is a declarative way to create reactive
systems. FRP has already shown its potential in a diversity of domains: robotics
[20, 35], music synthesis [16], animation [10], video games [7], and graphical user
interfaces [6]. These domains are reactive because they require interaction with a
wide range of outside inputs, from keyboards to accelerometers.
    This work focuses on graphical user interfaces, the most important and widely-
used of these domains. Graphical user interfaces (GUIs) mediate almost all of our
interactions with computers, whether it is through web pages, phone apps, or desk-
top applications. Graphical user interfaces are also a particularly difficult domain.
In addition to the normal challenges of programming – transforming and analyzing
data – GUIs face the problems of data presentation and usability. A GUI also reacts
to many outside input from users and sensors. A useful GUI must also be responsive,
providing the user quick feedback in spite of the complex computations that occur
behind the scenes.
    Functional reactive programming is a declarative approach to GUI design. The
term declarative makes a distinction between the “what” and the “how” of program-
ming. A declarative language allows you to say what is displayed, without having to
specify exactly how the computer should do it. With functional reactive program-
ming, many of the irrelevant details are left to the compiler, freeing the programmer
to think on a much higher level than with most existing GUI frameworks.
    The term declarative is important because most current frameworks for graphi-
cal user interfaces are not declarative. They mire programmers in the many small,
nonessential details of handling user input and modifying the display. The declara-
tive approach of functional reactive programming makes it quick and easy to spec-
ify complex user interactions. FRP also encourages a greatly simplified approach to
graphical layout. As a result, FRP makes GUI programming much more manageable
than with traditional approaches.
    As an example of declarative programming, we will consider a basic FRP pro-
gram, shown in Figure 1. This example displays the current mouse position as text.
Think of Mouse.position as a time-varying value that changes whenever the mouse
moves. It is always equal to the current position of the mouse relative to the top
left corner of the screen. The asText function converts a value – such as a pair
of numbers – into text that can be displayed on screen. The lift function com-
bines a function and a time-varying value. In this case, lift combines asText and


                      main = lift asText Mouse.position




          Figure 1: A Basic FRP Program: Tracking Mouse Movement


                                         1
Mouse.position, converting the mouse position (which updates automatically) into
displayable text (which also updates automatically). The value of main is displayed
to the user, so the user sees the current mouse position. The corresponding diagram
shows our example program as the mouse moves around the screen. Notice that the
x and y coordinates increase as the mouse moves farther from the top left corner.
    With one line of code, we have created a simple GUI that responds to user input,
displays values on screen, and updates automatically. To perform these tasks in a
traditional GUI framework – such as JavaScript – would require significantly more
code: manually extracting the mouse position from an event and describing exactly
how to update the displayed value. As a declarative framework, FRP makes this
task considerably easier by taking care of the “how” of events, display, and updates.
    This thesis presents Elm, a concurrent FRP language focused on easily creating
responsive GUIs. We have already seen Elm in action with the example above, a
working Elm program. Elm has two major features: (1) purely functional graphical
layout and (2) support for Concurrent FRP. Purely functional graphical layout is
a high level framework for working with complex visual components. It makes it
quick and easy to create and combine text, images, and video into rich multimedia
displays. Concurrent FRP solves some of FRP’s long-standing efficiency problems:
global delays and needless recomputation.
    A global delay occurs when a GUI cannot immediately process incoming events,
making the GUI less responsive. Past FRP formulations maintain a strict ordering
of incoming events. They are processed one at a time, so if one event takes a
long time, all of the subsequent events must wait. This strict ordering of events is
not always necessary, especially in the case of events that are not directly related.
Concurrent FRP allows the programmer to specify when a strict ordering of events is
unnecessary, resulting in more responsive GUIs. Concurrent FRP can safely include
long computations without degrading user experience or requiring unnatural coding
practices.
    Needless recomputation occurs when a function is recomputed even though its
input has not changed. In a purely functional language like Elm, every function –
when given the same inputs – always produces the same output. Therefore, there
is no need to recompute a function unless its inputs have changed. Many previous
formulations of FRP do not take advantage of this fact. A program consists of many
interdependent functions, but changing one input to the program is unlikely to affect
all of them. Previously, when one of the many inputs to an FRP program changes,
the whole program is recomputed even though most of the inputs have not changed.
With this strategy, every incoming event can cause a significant number of needless
recomputations. Elm’s concurrent runtime system avoids this with memoization,
an optimization technique that saves previously computed values to avoid future
computations. Specifically, Elm saves the most recently computed values, so when
one of the many inputs to a program changes, only functions that depend on that
particular input must be recomputed.
    These two efficiency improvements add to FRP’s strengths as a GUI framework.
In particular, Elm’s mechanism for avoiding global delays is extremely useful, yet
distressingly uncommon. Not only is it new for FRP, but it is also an improvement
over a majority of popular modern GUI frameworks such as JavaScript or Java,
which both enforce a strict order of events at the expense of either responsiveness
or code clarity.

                                         2
    This thesis also presents a prototype implementation of Elm that compiles for
the web. The Elm compiler produces HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This has two
major benefits: (1) Elm programs already run on any device that supports mod-
ern web standards and (2) Elm is much more accessible than many previous FRP
frameworks. An overview of Elm, an interactive code editor, numerous examples,
and documentation have all been posted online at elm-lang.org. The interactive
editor allows you to write and compile Elm programs with no download or install.
This ease of access permits developers to quickly dive into FRP and GUI program-
ming even if they have little previous experience. The online implementation and
learning resources are a significant portion of this thesis, making FRP research more
accessible and raising awareness of Elm and FRP in general.
    The structure of this thesis is as follows. Chapter 2 presents detailed back-
ground information on functional reactive programming and GUIs. It discusses the
strengths and weaknesses of the related work on this topic, providing context and
motivation for Elm’s design choices. Chapters 3 and 4 contain a core language that
captures the theoretical contributions of this thesis. Elm is compiled in two phases.
The first phase – source language to well-behaved intermediate representation – is
the topic of Chapter 3. This chapter also discusses Elm’s relation to previous FRP
frameworks. The second phase – intermediate representation to concurrent runtime
system – is the topic of Chapter 4. Here we will discuss the details of the con-
current system and the resulting efficiency benefits. Chapter 5 is an introduction
to the practical use of Elm. It describes how to create graphical user interfaces,
using real examples to illustrate Elm’s most important graphics libraries. Chapter
6 discusses Elm’s prototype implementation. The Elm compiler produces HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript. This means Elm programs can already run on any modern
web browser. It also means that the Elm compiler must still overcome some of
JavaScript’s weaknesses, such as limited support for concurrency. Finally, Chapter
7 discusses how this work fits into past research and directions for future work.




                                         3
2     Background and Related Works
A graphical user interface is an interactive multimedia display, but what is a func-
tional graphical user interface? The term functional refers to a style of programming
in which functions can be passed around like any other value, promoting code reuse.
A functional GUI would be designed in the functional style.
     Languages that are purely functional are very strict about how a program can in-
teract with the rest of the computer. Such languages have two important properties:
(1) all values are immutable, never changing after instantiation, and (2) functions
are pure, always producing the same output when given the same input. These
mutually dependent properties are great for program reliability and maintainabil-
ity, yet they are quite rare in modern languages. This is because many important
values are mutable, able to change. This includes the position of the mouse, whether
a key is pressed, and any other input that changes over time. How can we reconcile
purely functional programming and mutable values?
     The restrictions of purely functional programming languages give us the oppor-
tunity to model mutable values on our own terms. If mutable values are intro-
duced through “safe” abstractions, they need not undermine the pleasant properties
of purely functional programs. This chapter addresses two important approaches
to introducing mutablity: Functional Reactive Programming and Message-Passing
Concurrency. Both approaches elegantly bridge the gap between purely functional
languages and mutable values such as user input. By starting from scratch, these
approaches reexamine the essense of mutable values and user input, resulting in new
abstractions that simplify GUI programming.
     This chapter first examines functional reactive programming (FRP). Elm uses
this general approach to GUI programming. Next, we turn to message-passing
concurrency for another perspective. Message-passing concurrency presents some
important insights into GUI programming that can help make FRP more robust.
In short, concurrency matters! Finally, we will examine the existing FRP GUI
frameworks, trying to identify common pitfalls. This background information lays
the groundwork for an efficient and useable implementation of FRP for GUIs.

2.1   Functional Reactive Programming
Functional Reactive Programming (FRP) is a declarative programming paradigm for
working with mutable values. FRP recasts mutable values as time-varying values,
better capturing the temporal aspect of mutability. In FRP, time-varying values
are called signals. Signals can represent any mutable value. For example, consider
the position of the mouse. The mouse position signal – called Mouse.position
in Elm – holds the current mouse position. When the mouse moves, the value of
Mouse.position changes automatically.
    Signals can also be transformed and combined. Imagine we have a function that
takes a mouse position as input and determines whether the mouse is hovering over
a certain button. We can apply this function to Mouse.position. This results in a
signal of boolean values that updates automatically: true when the mouse is hov-
ering over the button and false otherwise. In contrast with traditional approaches,
this declarative style of FRP abstracts away many inconsequential details, allowing
programmers to do more with less code.


                                         4
     The original formulation of FRP was extremely expressive, giving programmers
many high-level abstractions. This expressiveness came at the cost of efficiency
because there was not always a clear way to implement such high-level abstrac-
tions. Subsequent research aimed to resolve the tension between expressiveness and
efficiency. We will focus on three major semantic families of Functional Reactive
Programming: Classical FRP; Real-time FRP and Event-Driven FRP; and Arrow-
ized FRP. We examine them chronologically to see how the semantics of FRP have
evolved. As we move through FRP’s three semantic families, we will better under-
stand the remaining efficiency problems and how to resolve them.

2.1.1     Classical FRP
Functional Reactive Programming was originally formulated by Paul Hudak and
Conal Elliott in their 1997 paper Functional Reactive Animation [10]. Their imple-
mentation is embedded in Haskell, a functional language that can easily be extended.
Their initial formulation – which we will call Classical FRP – introduced two new
types of values: Behaviors and Events.

Behaviors are continuous, time-varying values. This is represented as a function
    from a time to a value.

                                  Behavior α = Time → α

        These time indexed functions are just like the equations of motion in Newto-
        nian physics. At time t, the behavior has value v. Behaviors help with a very
        common task in animation: modeling physical phenomena. Position, velocity,
        acceleration, and analog signals can all be represented quite naturally with
        behaviors. This abstraction helps produce concise and declarative code by
        leaving the details of updates to the compiler.

Events represent a sequence of discrete events as a time-stamped list of values.

                                   Event α = [(Time, α)]

        The time values must increase monotonically. Events can model any sort of
        discrete events, from user input to HTTP communications. Originally in-
        tended for animations, events would commonly be used to model inputs such
        as mouse clicks and key presses. Events would be used the same way in GUIs.

This initial focus on animation strongly influenced the semantics and goals of future
FRP work. In particular, continuous time-varying values have appeared in almost
all subsequent work.
    Although elegant, the original implementation of classical FRP – named Fran for
“functional reactive animation” – is prone to difficult-to-spot space and time leaks.
In other words, memory usage may grow unexpectedly (space leaks), resulting in
unexpectedly long computations (time leaks).
    Fran inherits a variety of space and time leaks from its host language, Haskell.
Haskell delays computation until it is absolutely necessary, evaluating programs
“lazily”. This makes it easy to create infinite data structures, but it can also cause
memory problems. In FRP, the value of a behavior may be inspected infrequently,

                                           5
and thus, an accumulated computation can become quite large over time, taking
up more and more memory (space leak). When inspected, the entire accumulated
computation must be evaluated all at once, potentially causing a significant delay or
even a stack overflow (time leak). These leaks appear in the implementation of Fran.
Subsequent Haskell FRP libraries were able to create a leak free implementation,
but that does not fully address the problem. Even with a leak free implementation,
space and time leaks can still appear in FRP programs. This problem is common
to all Haskell FRP libraries.
    Why embed in Haskell if it allows space and time leaks? Hudak argues that
embedding a domain specific language in an established host language is often the
best way to create a special purpose language [18]. Such a domain specific embedded
language (DSEL) allows you to focus on your particular problem without designing
a new language, writing an efficient compiler, and convincing everyone that your
language is a good idea. Haskell’s typeclasses provide a very general framework to
embed sublanguages, making it a great host language when your DSEL is amenable
to laziness. In the case of FRP, laziness permits space and time leaks. Any Haskell-
embedded FRP language can have space leaks. This problem is solved by embedding
FRP in a strict language.
    In addition to space and time leaks, Classical FRP allows the definition of be-
haviors that depend on past, present, or future values [21]. Programs that violate
causality – relying on future values – are unimplementable. Programs that rely on
past values can cause another kind of memory leak in which the program is forced to
remember all past values of a Behavior or Event. This means that memory usage
could grow in proportion to the time the program has been running.

2.1.2   Real-time FRP and Event-Driven FRP
Real-time FRP [34] was introduced by Paul Hudak and others at Yale in 2001. It
aims to resolve the inefficiencies of Classical FRP. Real-Time FRP (RT-FRP) over-
came both space and time leaks, but this came at the cost of expressiveness. To
produce efficiency guarantees, RT-FRP introduced an isomorphism between Behav-
iors and Events:
                            Event α ≈ Behavior (Maybe α)
where Maybe α is an abstract data type that can either be Just α (an event is
occurring, here is the relevant value) or Nothing (an event is not occurring, nothing
to see here). This simplifies the semantics of FRP. Both behaviors and events can
be represented as a common type which has been called a signal.

                               Signal α = Time → α

   With this simpler mental model, RT-FRP then defines a language that ensures
that signals cannot be used “unsafely”, in ways that do not have a clear, efficient im-
plementation. To do this, RT-FRP presents a two-tiered language: an unrestricted
base language and a more limited reactive language for manipulating signals. The
base language is a basic lambda calculus that supports recursion and higher order
functions. This base language is embedded in a much more restrictive reactive lan-
guage that carefully controls how signals can be accessed and created. The reactive
language supports recursion but not higher-order functions.


                                          6
    The original paper on RT-FRP provides proofs about resource boundedness for
both time and space [34]: For time, reactive updates will terminate as long as the
embedded base language terms terminate as well. For space, memory will not grow
unless it grows in the base language.
    Although the separation between base language and reactive language made
it much easier to prove properties about RT-FRP, it is somewhat less expressive
than Classical FRP. Since the reactive language is not higher order, the connections
between signals must all be explicitly defined in the source code. They cannot be
specified with the full power of the embedded lambda calculus.
    In 2002 – soon after introducing RT-FRP – Hudak et al. proposed Event-Driven
FRP [35]. Event-Driven FRP (E-FRP) is a direct descendent of RT-FRP that intro-
duces discrete signals, signals that only change on events. Thus, E-FRP programs
are event-driven in that no changes need to be propagated unless an event has
occurred.
    This may seem needlessly restrictive, but as it turns out, many potential ap-
plications of FRP are highly event-oriented. The original E-FRP paper focused on
controlling robots, but graphical user interfaces are also primarily event driven. We
will explore discrete signals more in the next chapter.
    Although Real-time FRP and Event-driven FRP solved many of the efficiency
problems of Classical FRP, research focus has shifted away from this approach in
hopes of recapturing the full expressiveness of Classical FRP. The last published
paper on RT-FRP goes so far as to suggest a concurrent runtime as future work
[36], but this was never pursued. Furthermore, neither RT-FRP nor E-FRP was
ever adapted to create graphical user interfaces. These two lines of research appear
to have fallen by the wayside, but the prospect of a concurrent, event-driven, and
strict FRP language remains promising.

2.1.3   Arrowized FRP
Arrowized FRP [28] aims to maintain the full expressiveness of Classical FRP with-
out the difficult-to-spot space and time leaks. Arrowized FRP was formulated at
Yale in 2002 by Henrik Nilsson, Antony Courtney, and John Peterson. Borrowing
from the recent results of RT-FRP and E-FRP, events are no longer used. Arrowized
FRP (AFRP) instead uses signal functions. A signal function can be thought of as
a function from signal to signal.

                          SF α β = Signal α → Signal β

where signals are exactly the same as in Real-Time FRP.

                                Signal α = Time → α

    To avoid time and space leaks, signals are not directly available to the program-
mer [24]. Instead, one programs only with signal functions. These signal functions
are conceptually equivalent to regular functions, but they make it possible to rule
out time and space leaks in the implementation of the AFRP system. Because sig-
nal functions are specified at the source level, it is possible to carefully control how
recursive functions are evaluated, ensuring that intermediate computations are not
kept in memory. This eliminates a major source of space and time leaks. Of course,

                                           7
as a Haskell-embedded framework, space and time leaks are still possible when signal
functions accumulate a computation without inspecting its value. Thus, Arrowized
FRP does not have space and time leaks in its implementation, but programs written
with AFRP can still have them.
    Signal functions also ensure causality. Signal functions explicitly model input
and output, so any future dependent signal function can be ruled out statically
[23, 32]. Signal functions belong to the category of arrows, an abstraction developed
by John Hughes in 2000 [19]. This abstraction had not yet been revealed when
Classical FRP was designed. As an added benefit, Ross Paterson’s arrow notation
[29] allows programmers to name the inputs and outputs of arrows in a controlled
way, making the use of arrows much more natural.
    Because there is no direct access to signals, Arrowized FRP may appear to
be less expressive than Classical FRP. AFRP achieves the flexibility of Classical
FRP with continuation-based switching and dynamic collections of signal functions.
We will not discuss these two features in depth, but their general role is to allow
signal functions to be safely moved around at runtime. Together, these two features
provide comparable expressivity to Classical FRP without reintroducing space and
time leaks.
    Significant work has gone into making Arrowized FRP more efficient [27, 23], but
there is a foundational problem that AFRP inherited from Classical FRP: continuous
signals. While Classical FRP was still the dominant paradigm, Hudak and Wan
proved that their semantics can be respected with one important condition: “as
the sampling interval goes to zero, the implementation is faithful to the formal,
continuous semantics” [33]. In other words, the continuous semantics cannot be
respected unless updates are instantaneous, which is impossible on a real machine.
We will call this the instant-update assumption. The instant-update assumption
introduces at least two major sources of inefficiency: global delays and unnecessary
updates.
    Global delays are caused by long computations. All of the FRP systems we
have seen so far enforce a strict order of events. Events are processed one at a
time in the exact order of occurrence. The instant-update assumption has masked
a fundamental issue with this approach. If an update takes zero time, no event will
ever cause a delay. But updates do take time, sometimes a significant amount of
time. The instant-update assumption is simply not true. Long updates block all
pending events. As a result, one long-running computation will slow down the whole
program.
    Unnecessary updates are caused by discrete inputs, such as mouse clicks. Con-
tinuous signals assume that signal values are always changing. Thus, it is necessary
to recompute the whole program as frequently as possible. With continuous signals,
there is always a new value waiting to be shown to the user, so every part of the
program is recomputed.
    The trouble is that not all time-varying values are continuous. Inputs like mouse
clicks are discrete, changing relatively infrequently. In fact, all user input is discrete.
And from a purely practical standpoint, continuous signals do not actually exist in
a digital system. Even time is discrete.
    When the whole program is recomputed, the many discrete inputs cause recom-
putations, even though their values may not have changed. This would be acceptable
if the instant-update assumption was true, but in practice, it means that each up-

                                            8
date wastes time recomputing values which cannot have changed. Consider the case
of mouse coordinates. Instead of waiting for new mouse movements, a continuous
signal of mouse coordinates updates as frequently as possible. Updates occur even
when the mouse is stationary, causing a cascade of needless recomputation.
    In a graphical user interface, all of the major inputs are discrete. Clicks, key
presses, window resizes, mouse movements. Any sort of user input is a discrete event.
All of these values induce busy-waiting in a system built for continuous signals.
    Global delays and unnecessary updates both result from the instant-update as-
sumption and the use of continuous signals. They are not inherent to FRP or
Arrowized FRP. In his 2009 paper Push-Pull Functional Reactive Programming,
Conal Elliott suggests that a distinction between continuous and discrete signals is
better than a distinction between behaviors and events [9]. Elliott does not provide
a detailed description of a push-based, or event-driven, implementation. Such a
description will be provided in this thesis. In an effort to avoid global delays and
unnecessary updates, the rest of our discussion of FRP will focus on examining the
repercussions of removing the instant-update assumption and dealing instead with
discrete signals.

2.2     Message-Passing Concurrency
Message-passing concurrency is a functional approach to concurrent systems. John
Reppy and Emden Gansner began advocating this approach as early as 1987 [11].
Their subsequent work resulted in Concurrent ML and eXene, which together form
the basis of a robust GUI framework. This work also demonstrates that GUIs are
naturally concurrent. That is, the many independent components of a GUI can and
should be handled concurrently.
    Previous work in FRP has assumed that all events are strictly ordered and pro-
cessed one at a time. Concurrent ML and eXene illustrate that this is an unnecessary
restriction. The original order of events does not always need to be maintained,
especially when some events are unrelated to others. Furthermore, many events
should be processed at the same time. If one part of a program takes a long time,
this should not block everything else. By relaxing the event ordering restrictions,
message-passing concurrency provides solutions to Arrowized FRP’s two efficiency
problems. Conceptually, message-passing concurrency is a set of concurrent threads
that communicate by sending messages. This paradigm is discrete and concurrent
from the start, so it is robust to both discrete inputs and long running computations.
    In this section, we will first discuss Concurrent ML (CML). CML is a well-
designed and type-safe language that illustrates the strengths of message-passing
concurrency. Second, we will discuss Concurrent ML’s GUI framework: eXene.
eXene will show us how concurrency is necessary to create robust and responsive
GUIs.

2.2.1    Concurrent ML
Interactive systems, such as graphical user interfaces, are the primary motivation for
much of the work on Concurrent ML [30]. User input is one of the most complicated
aspects of an interactive system, with many input devices interacting with the overall
system. Concurrent ML aims to make it easier to design interactive systems by


                                          9
recognizing their natural concurrency.
    A Concurrent ML program is a collection of sequential threads that communicate
via messages. Concurrent ML extends Standard ML which provides a well-designed,
sequential base language.
    CML threads are lightweight – very cheap to create and run. Threads commu-
nicate through channels, allowing information to flow between threads that have no
shared state. This is the essence of message passing. A channel of type

                                 type ’a chan

can carry values of type ’a back-and-forth between threads. Values – or messages
– are sent and received with two intuitively named functions:

                    val send :     (’a chan * ’a) -> unit

                          val recv :    ’a chan -> ’a
Every send must be paired with a recv. Each function will block execution within
its thread until a matching function is called. send blocks until another thread
wants to recv. Therefore, send and receive are synchronous.
    Concurrent ML’s threads can be created dynamically with the spawn function:

                 val spawn :    (unit -> unit) -> thread_id

An unbounded number of threads can be created, but limited system resources may
not allow all of them to run simultaneously. Therefore, threads must take turns.
The CML runtime system periodically interrupts threads. Threads yield to each
other automatically, ensuring that they all get to run. This is called preemptive
scheduling.
    Concurrent ML has some lower level concurrency primitives that make it pos-
sible to define a wide diversity of message passing constructs, even asynchronous
ones. This includes two types of communication that will eventually be very im-
portant to us: mailboxes and multicast. (1) A mailbox allows messages to be sent
asynchronously. Messages are sent to a mailbox without waiting for a receiver.
Messages queue up until the receiver is ready to look at them. The receiver always
takes the oldest message available. Furthermore, receiving a message only blocks
when the mailbox is empty. A mailbox can also be called a FIFO channel or queued
channel. This is useful for asynchronous communication. (2) Basic message passing
is point-to-point: one sender and one receiver. Multicast messages have one sender
and many receivers. This is useful when one thread must send the same message to
many others.
    Concurrent ML is powerful enough to implement a variety of higher level con-
currency strategies, but the overall approach is not as declarative as FRP. The
programmer must think more about the “how” of GUI programming. Instead of
automatically updating and transforming signals, CML requires the programmer
to explicitly shuttle updates between threads. Nonetheless, Concurrent ML is a
powerful framework for GUIs.




                                       10
2.2.2    eXene: Creating concurrent GUIs
To avoid the complexity of flexible event ordering, many GUI frameworks are sequen-
tial. This ensures that the original order of events is strictly maintained. JavaScript,
for instance, has a central event loop where all events queue up to be dispatched one
by one. This means that any long computation will block all other pending events,
making the GUI unresponsive. JavaScript programmers must explicitly break any
expensive algorithm into manageable chunks. This explicit interleaving is a poor
substitute for real concurrency.
    eXene – Concurrent ML’s GUI library – realizes the benefits of a concurrent
GUI by giving the programmer full access to a concurrent system [13, 12, 15, 14, 8].
A graphical user interface is particularly well-suited to this model because events
in one part of the system usually do not need to be synchronized with events in
another. For instance, all key presses need to be handled in their original order, but
it may be okay if timer updates jump ahead or fall behind relative to the key presses.
This means that GUI components can be updated independently, not blocking each
other.
    Concurrent ML and eXene have the flexibility to take advantage of this common
case, producing more efficient GUIs. This is great for responsiveness, but it pushes
the task of maintaining the order of events onto the programmer. Just as with
any low-level abstraction, speed gains are tied to a whole new way to write buggy
programs. In the case of CML, this means programs that suffer from deadlock and
livelock.
    Even acknowledging the event ordering problem, the modular nature of graphical
user interfaces make them well-suited to a concurrent implementation. Concurrency
improves performance without requiring invasive code rewrites such as breaking
expensive algorithms up into small pieces. Even this unpleasant solution would
be difficult with FRP. Because of the instant-update assumption, previous FRP
implementations update the whole program at once, so breaking an algorithm into
smaller pieces would not result in faster updates. As we will see in Chapter 4,
concurrency is the ideal way to mitigate the damage of expensive computations. We
will try to reap the benefits of concurrency without the synchronization headache.
In Elm, preservation of event ordering is handled primarily by the compiler, not the
programmer.

2.3     Existing FRP GUI Frameworks
Both Classical FRP and Arrowized FRP have been used as the basis for GUI frame-
works. These GUI frameworks suffer from the same efficiency problems of their
base language, but the biggest problem for every implementation is accessibility.
Accessibility includes ease of installation, quality of documentation and examples,
and apparent conceptual difficulty.
    Many Haskell-embedded frameworks have been created over the years. These
include FranTk, the original GUI framework for Fran [31]; Fruit, AFRP’s first GUI
framework [6]; Yampa/Animas, AFRP’s most recent GUI frameworks [7, 16]; and
Reactive Banana, based on classical FRP which avoids time leaks with carefully
constructed API’s. Every Haskell-embedded library suffers from three problems:

Space leaks: As we discussed before, this is just a part of Haskell. Laziness some-

                                          11
     times leads to unexpectedly slow updates and unnecessary memory usage.

Difficult installation: Haskell FRP libraries all rely on imperative GUI frame-
      works – Tcl/Tk, Gtk, or wxWidgets – which complicates the install process.
      Each of these frameworks comes with their own set of constraints, often not
      easily supporting new platforms such as Android or iOS.

Apparent conceptual difficulty: All Haskell-embedded libraries rely on Haskell’s
    robust type system to achieve clarity and usability. Classical FRP uses monads
    to introduce behaviors and events. Arrowized FRP uses the arrow framework
    to manipulate signal functions. In both cases, new users must learn the syn-
    tax and basic theory of monads or arrows to even begin coding. Although
    these abstractions are clear to the experienced Haskell user, beginners can
    find them imposing and discouraging. Of course, the difficulty may be more
    psychological than conceptual, but it is a difficulty nonetheless. This percep-
    tion of difficulty is compounded because much of the documentation for these
    GUI frameworks can be found only in academic papers.

Because Haskell-embedded FRP libraries map onto imperative backends, there is
also a danger of incorporating imperative abstractions into the library. While not
necessarily wrong, this results in GUI frameworks that feel imperative. FranTk
included event listeners – an imperative abstraction – because they mapped more
naturally onto the Tcl/Tk backend, but most other libraries have avoided imperative
influence.
    Of the frameworks discussed here, it appears that Reactive Banana is the only
one that is actively maintained and improved as of this writing.
    Not all efforts have been focused on Haskell. FRP has even appeared in some
imperative languages. For instance, the Frappé framework [5] targets Java. This im-
plementation was produced by Antony Courtney in 2001, right before co-authoring
the initial Arrowized FRP paper. Another imperative embedding is Flapjax [26]
which targets JavaScript. Flapjax was produced by a diverse collaboration in 2009.
The portion of the Flapjax team based at Brown University has also produced an
FRP system for Scheme [3].
    Flapjax is particularly interesting in that it addresses all three of the problems
faced by every Haskell implementation. JavaScript is a strict language, so time
leaks must be created explicitly by manually delaying computation. Flapjax is a
JavaScript library, so “installation” is easy: just include the file in your webpage.
Flapjax also avoids the apparent conceptual difficulty of Haskell-embedded libraries
because its documentation just does not talk about monads. Of course it could
discuss behaviors and events in terms of monads, but the analogy is not particu-
larly useful when developing in JavaScript. Because Flapjax is web based, many
interactive examples are available online, further helping with accessibility.
    Similar to Flapjax, Elm provides documentation and examples online at elm-
lang.org in an attempt to avoid difficult installation and apparent conceptual diffi-
culty.




                                         12
3     The Core Language
The core language of Elm aims to provide flexibility and expressiveness, yet only
commit to abstractions that can be implemented efficiently in a concurrent system.
     Elm achieves expressiveness in two major ways. (1) The core language combines
a basic functional language with a small set of reactive primitives. Programmers
have direct access to signals, and signals can be transformed and combined with
the full power of a functional language. By carefully restricting Elm’s reactive
primitives, we can avoid the problems of Classical FRP without giving up signals. (2)
Elm’s core language is compatible with Arrowized FRP. Elm’s small set of reactive
primitives do not provide the ability to dynamically change how signals are used at
runtime. Classical FRP and Arrowized FRP both have this ability. By ensuring
that Arrowized FRP can be embedded in Elm, we show that Elm can be just as
expressive, even without directly embedding these features in the core language.
     Elm’s efficiency improvements are based on two design choices. (1) Elm does
not make the instant-update assumption. This assumption actively ignores many
significant barriers to efficiently implementing FRP. By avoiding the instant-update
assumption, Elm can avoid global delays and needless recomputations. (2) The core
language of Elm maps onto an intermediate language that cleanly separates reactive
primitives from the rest of the language. Why bother with a two-tiered interme-
diate language? Real-Time FRP and Event-Driven FRP use a two-tiered language
to great effect, allowing proofs about efficiency and memory usage and promoting
efficient implementations. For RT-FRP and E-FRP, the two-tiered source language
came at the cost of expressiveness. By only using the two-tiered representation in-
ternally, Elm can benefit from its useful properties without restricting source level
expressiveness. Elm’s intermediate representation also maps nicely onto a concur-
rent system.

3.1   The Syntax: Manipulating Discrete Signals
Global delays and needless recomputation are two major sources of inefficiency in
modern FRP formulations. Both are rooted in the instant-update assumption which
requires that recomputation takes zero time. Following in the footsteps of Event-
Driven FRP [35], we will not make this assumption. Like E-FRP, Elm is entirely
event-driven. These discrete signals contrast with continuous signals that are always
changing. This means that all updates in Elm are event-driven, recomputing only
when an event has occurred.
    In Elm, no event occurs at exactly the same moment as another. This ensures
that there is a strict ordering of events, and simplifies the mental model for events:
events happen one at a time. The exact co-occurrence of events is also extremely
uncommon in GUIs which deal primarily with user input. On the time-scale of
computers, users are slow enough that user input events really are strictly ordered.
    Elm’s basic design choices point the way to a core language. We want a set of
reactive primitives that work nicely with event-driven updates, discrete signals, and
strictly ordered events. Elm’s reactive primitives are embedded directly in a simple
lambda calculus. This appears to be quite similar to the formulation of classical
FRP, but our compilation strategy will disallow the major inefficiencies that we



                                         13
have come to expect of this syntax.

                 e ::=() | n | λx. e | e1 e2 | x | let x = e1 in e2 |
                      i | liftn e e1 ... en | foldp e1 e2 e3 | async e

                         n∈Z          x ∈ Var        i ∈ Input
    For now, it is best to think of i as a unique identifier for input signals, such as
mouse position or key presses. The Input set represents all possible identifiers for
input signals. We will give a more detailed interpretation of Input in Chapter 4.
These inputs i receive values from some external event source. The external source
can be any system input, from mouse movements to memory access. Furthermore,
Elm’s input signals must have a default value; they cannot be undefined. As long as
a signal is undefined, any program that depends on it will be undefined. It is best
to rule this out altogether.
    Basic signals are Elm’s only way of accessing stateful system values; they are the
inputs to an Elm program. But just having access is not enough. Elm also needs
a way to manipulate signals. This is the role of Elm’s other reactive primitives.
With the liftn and foldp primitives, Elm accommodates three types of signal
manipulation: transformation of a signal, combination of multiple signals, and past-
dependent transformation of a signal.
    Before discussing signal manipulation in depth, we must briefly introduce Elm’s
final primitive: async. Elm allows you to add the async annotation indicating
when certain signal manipulations can be computed in parallel with the rest of the
program. Such signals are asynchronous.

                          async :: Signal a → Signal a

The async annotation takes in a signal and returns the exact same signal. The
annotation just informs the Elm compiler that events flowing through the signal
do not need to be perfectly synchronized with the events in the rest of the system,
allowing an important optimization. This primitive will be more fully described in
Chapter 4. For now, it is enough to understand async simply as an annotation for
the Elm compiler.
    The following examples illustrate the usage and importance of Elm’s reactive
primitives. The syntax used in the examples is the actual surface syntax of Elm.

3.1.1   Transformation
Basic signals such as mouse position or window size are not interesting unless they
can be transformed into some other value. This is accomplished with

                     lift :: (a → b) → Signal a → Signal b

Think of lift as a directive to lift a normal function into a signal. This primitive
can create time-indexed animations when given a function from times to pictures.
One simple time-indexed function is a value that slides between negative and positive
one, updating every fifth of a second:

                     cosWave = lift cos (Time.every 0.2)

                                           14
                    sinWave = lift sin (Time.every 0.2)
The function Time.every takes a number n and produces a signal carrying the
time since the program began, updated every n seconds. Lift can also be used on
more traditional inputs such as (Window.width :: Signal Int) which carries the
current width of the display. One basic use is fitting a component to the window
width up to a certain value:

                   fitUpTo w = lift (min w) Window.width

The signal (fitUpTo 800) is equal to the window width up until window width 800
pixels, where it stops growing.
   Elm also supports a basic signal called (never :: Signal ()) which has the
default value unit and never produces another value. This special input signal can
be used to safely lift constant values into signals.

                      constant c = lift (λx → c) never

This transforms the default value of never, so the resulting signal carries the value
c. This can be useful when you would like to pass a constant to a function that
takes a signal.

3.1.2   Combination
Combining signals is also quite useful. For this task, we have

           lift2 :: (a → b → c) → Signal a → Signal b → Signal c

This allows you to combine two signals. The given function acts on the most recent
values available. With this we can combine some of our earlier signals:

                      point = lift2 (,) cosWave sinWave

The (,) function takes two values and pairs them together in a tuple, so point is
a signal of number pairs. We can treat these number pairs as coordinates, much
like the coordinates produced by the Mouse.position signal. From here you could
calculate the current distance between different points:

                    lift2 distance point Mouse.position

The distance function takes two coordinates and returns the distance between
them. The resulting signal dynamically updates as the values of point and Mouse.position
change.
   In Elm, any GUI that relies on multiple inputs requires the lift2 primitive.
Transformation with lift is not enough to combine signals. Furthermore, lift2
can be used to define a lift on any number of signals:

             lift3 f s1 s2 s3 = lift2 ($) (lift2 f s1 s2) s3

The ($) function is function application, so (f $ x) is the same as (f x). Al-
though all lift functions can be derived from lift2, Elm uses a different primitive
for stateless signal transformations: liftn . The liftn primitive encompasses all
stateless signal transformations, including lift, lift2, etc.

                                         15
3.1.3    Past-dependent Transformation
So far we have no way to remember the past. The lift operations only act on the
current value. Elm also has a stateful transformer:

                foldp :: (a → b → b) → b → Signal a → Signal b

The foldp function is meant to be read as "fold from the past", just as foldl for
lists can be read “fold from the left”. As foldp receives values from the input signal,
it combines them with an accumulator. The output signal is the most recent value of
the accumulator. This is needed for any past-dependent user interface. For example,
remembering the sequence of keys a user has typed:

           foldp (λk word -> word ++ [k]) "" Keys.lastPressed

where (Keys.lastPressed :: Signal Char) carries the most recent key press.
This expression produces a string signal that automatically updates upon keyboard
events.

3.2     The Type System: Enforcing the Safe Use of Signals
Signals are generally quite flexible, but there are certain signals that we want to
rule out altogether: signals of signals. Signals of signals would permit programs that
dynamically change the structure of the Elm runtime system. In many circumstances
this is fine. For instance, there would be no problem if two input signals were
dynamically switched in and out. The real issue is stateful signals created with
foldp. Imagine if a stateful signal – dependent on mouse inputs – was switched out
of the Elm program. Should it still update on mouse inputs? Should it only update
when it is in the program? When working directly with signals, neither answer is
pleasant. Elm opts to avoid this behavior by ruling out switching.
    Elm’s type system rules out signals of signals by dividing types into two cat-
egories: primitive types and signal types. Primitive types are safe types that are
allowed everywhere, including in signals. Signal types are dangerous types that are
allowed everywhere except in signals.

                           τ ::= unit | number | τ → τ 0
                           σ ::= τ signal | τ → σ | σ → σ 0
                           η ::= τ | σ

Mnemonics for types τ , σ, and η are as follows: Tau is for type. Sigma is for signal
type. And with a very strong accent, Eta is for either.
    Our typing judgments for the lambda calculus primitives – in Figure 2 – are
extremely permissive. Higher-order functions and recursive functions can include
signals. The important restrictions are on our reactive primitives. For instance,
liftn can only lift functions that act on base types τ , not signal types σ. This
makes it impossible to create signals of signals. Even if such signals were permitted,
there is no primitive to turn a signal of signals into a useable signal.
    Notice that the types of our input signals i must be looked up in the typing
environment. Because these signals are Elm’s direct access to the system, their
types must be explicitly stated in the default typing environment.

                                          16
Unit                       Number                        Var
                                                          Γ(x) = η
 Γ ` () : unit              Γ ` n : number                Γ`x:η


Lam                                 App
    Γ, x : η ` e : η 0               Γ ` e1 : η → η 0     Γ ` e2 : η
 Γ ` λx : η. e : η → η 0                      Γ ` e1 e2 : η 0


                  Let
                   Γ ` e1 : η   Γ, x : η ` e2 : η 0
                     Γ ` let x = e1 in e2 : η 0


     Input                             Async
         Γ(i) = τ                          Γ ` e : τ signal
      Γ ` i : τ signal                  Γ ` async e : τ signal


   Lift
    Γ ` e : τ1 → · · · → τn → τ     Γ ` ei : τi signal ∀i ∈ 1..n
                  Γ ` liftn e e1 ... en : τ signal


    Fold
     Γ ` ef : τ → τ 0 → τ 0  Γ ` eb : τ 0      Γ ` es : τ signal
                  Γ ` foldp ef eb es : τ 0 signal



                   Figure 2: Typing Judgments




                                  17
3.3   Embedding Arrowized FRP in Elm
By embedding Arrowized FRP in Elm, we show that Elm and AFRP can achieve
equal levels of expressiveness. As we saw in the previous section, Elm’s type sys-
tem rules out dynamic signal switching to avoid ill-defined uses of stateful signals.
Embedding Arrowized FRP in Elm will give us dynamic switching without the
ambiguous behavior. We will begin this task with a more general question about
theoretical expressiveness: how does Elm’s core language relate to Classical FRP
and Arrowized FRP? McBride and Paterson’s work on applicative functors clarifies
this question [25].
    As we discussed in the previous section, Elm does not allow signals of signals,
but otherwise signals can be combined in a fairly general way. These restrictions
can be helpfully examined in terms of applicative functors.

            class Functor f => Applicative f where
                pure :: a -> f a
                (<*>) :: f (a -> b) -> f a -> f b

            instance Applicative Signal where
                pure c = constant c
                f <*> x = lift2 ($) f x

   So signals in Elm are applicative functors, but are they also monads? Classical
FRP uses monads to represent its signals, but does Elm? A monad is simply an
applicative functor with one extra function:

            class Applicative m => Monad m where
                join :: m (m a) -> m a

Monads can be flattened. This would allow signals of signals to be flattened, pre-
cisely what we want to avoid. With join, it would be possible to dynamically change
the structure of the signal graph, a problem for stateful signal transformers. Elm
signals do not have this capability by design, and therefore, they are not monads.
     So signals in Elm are not monads, but are they arrows? The work on Arrowized
FRP has shown that the arrow abstraction is a powerful and safe framework for
signals. According to McBride and Paterson, “By fixing the first argument of an
arrow type, we obtain an applicative functor” [25]. We have already shown that
Elm signals are applicative functors, so they must also be arrows which have their
first argument fixed.
     In our case, the first argument of the arrow type is “the world”. Recall that in
Arrowized FRP, the arrow type is called a signal function, so an arrow type from a
to b would be written as (SF a b). Thanks to McBride and Paterson, we have the
following isomorphism.
                                Signal a = SF World a
Each signal in Elm represents a signal function that transforms the world into some
value. So yes, Elm’s signals are arrows too.
    McBride and Paterson ultimately conclude that “We have identified Applica-
tive functors, an abstract notion of effectful computation lying between Arrow and
Monad in strength” [25]. Working through this with signals has shown us that Elm


                                         18
falls between Arrowized FRP and Classical FRP in terms of theoretical expressive-
ness. These connections suggest three directions for future work:

Nicer syntax: McBride and Paterson’s notation for applicative functors may be a
     good fit for Elm. Furthermore, a modified version of Paterson’s arrow notation
     may also be desirable [29].

Fully Embedding Arrowized FRP: Since Elm’s signals are an applicative func-
     tor – or an arrow from “the world” to a value – Arrowized FRP could be fully
     embedded in Elm. Elm’s signals could compose easily with AFRP’s signal
     functions. This means that Elm could potentially use AFRP’s dynamic col-
     lections of signal functions. With this addition, Elm would have all of the
     expressive power of AFRP with the benefits of a concurrent runtime.

Potential Framework for Testing and Code Reuse: Since a signal can be un-
    derstood as a signal function from “the world” to a value, it may be possible
    to modify “the world” before it is given to an Elm signal. For instance, a sig-
    nal of mouse clicks – which normally receives events from the mouse – could
    be modified to receive events from a timer, indicating clicks at predefined in-
    tervals. Imagine providing a scripted world in which the mouse coordinates
    follow a pre-determined path, the keyboard input is timed and scripted, etc.
    This would allow automated interface testing directly in Elm. The arrow iso-
    morphism could also allow existing components to be reused in new ways. A
    component written to rely on mouse coordinates could be modified to accept
    coordinates from keyboard input, HTTP responses, a timed signal, etc. If
    used too liberally, this could be a very dangerous addition, potentially making
    it difficult to change the implementation of a widely used component.

3.4   Syntax-Directed Initialization Semantics
Elm’s source language is quite expressive. Programmers have direct access to sig-
nals, and Arrowized FRP can be fully embedded in Elm, providing us with all the
expressivenes of AFRP. This expressiveness makes it difficult to directly compile
the source language to a concurrent runtime system. This section describes how to
convert Elm’s source language into a well-behaved intermediate representation that
can produce a concurrent system more easily. The intermediate representation is
two-tiered, separating reactive values – such as lift and foldp – from the rest of the
language. Elm’s intermediate representation closely resembles the source language
of Real-Time FRP and Event-Driven FRP.
    Remember Elm’s base expression language:

                 e ::=() | n | λx. e | e1 e2 | x | let x = e1 in e2 |
                      i | liftn e e1 ... en | foldp e1 e2 e3 | async e

                         n∈Z          x ∈ Var        i ∈ Input
    We will now specify initialization semantics which turn these expressions into
values. In addition to traditional values v, Elm also has signal values s. This



                                           19
distinction separates base values and reactive values, just as in Real-Time FRP.

      v ::= () | n | λx. e
      s ::= x | let x = s1 in s2 | i | liftn v s1 ... sn | foldp v1 v2 s | async s

These v and s values will be our intermediate representation. Every source level
expression e can be mapped onto either a traditional value v or signal value s. The
signal values s will eventually form the basis of our concurrent runtime system, each
value performing repeated computations. For example, the s value (lift (clamp
100 200) Mouse.x) produces a value between 100 and 200 based on the mouse
coordinates, clamping the range of Mouse.x. This s value performs computation
every time the mouse moves. If this s value were to be copied to multiple locations
in our final intermediate representation, it would be computed multiple times in our
concurrent runtime system, which is based on s values. We want to ensure that no
s value appears multiple times to avoid needlessly duplicated computations.
    To avoid copying signal values, Elm’s intermediate representation includes let-
expressions and variables. Signal values that are used many times are bound to a
variable x, but not actually copied to the uses of x. This allows a signal value to
appear only once, but to be used in many places.
    The mapping to s and v values is achieved with the evaluation context E and the
initialization semantics shown in Figure 3. The evaluation context for initialization
is fairly standard. This formulation is call-by-value to avoid copying signals, which
would be possible with a call-by-name semantics.

                E ::= [·] | E e | v E |
                       let x = E in e | let x = s in E |
                       liftn E e1 ... en | liftn v s1 ... E ... en |
                       foldp E e2 e3 | foldp v1 E e3 | foldp v1 v2 E |
                       async E

    The evaluation context E covers a majority of cases, but there are two kinds of
reductions that remain unspecified: reduction of applications and of let-expressions.
These cases require special care because they could allow multiple copies of s values,
even in a call-by-value semantics. If we used standard β-reduction, values bound to
a variable x would be copied to all uses of x. Our initialization semantics – shown
in Figure 3 – are syntax-directed to avoid this.
    Applications are converted into let-expressions with the “Application” rule, shown
in Figure 3. Thus, every bound value will be placed in a let-expression. In the case
of traditional values v, we can just copy v to all of the places that use it. This
is the role of the “Reduce” rule. By contrast, signal values s are captured by let-
expressions. The signal value cannot escape from the let-expression; they are instead
represented by a variable. This ensures that multiple uses of a signal do not require
multiple copies of a signal.
    Given an expression e, the f v(e) function returns the set of free variables in
that expression. It is used to ensure that the “Drop” and “Expand” rules are
safe. The “Drop” rule throws out any bound signal value that is not actually used.
The “Expand” rule allows function application in cases where a function uses a


                                            20
           Context                      Application
               e −→ e0
            E[e] −→ E[e0 ]               (λx. e1 ) e2 −→ let x = e2 in e1


          Reduce                                    Drop
                                                          x∈/ f v(e)
            let x = v in e −→ e[v/x]                 let x = s in e −→ e


                  Expand
                                     x∈ / f v(e2 )
                   (let x = s in e1 ) e2 −→ let x = s in (e1 e2 )



                Figure 3: Syntax-directed Initialization Semantics


signal value multiple times. Any variable naming conflicts that occur because of the
“Expand” rule can be resolved with α conversion – renaming variables.
    Again, this initialization process results in either a traditional value v or signal
value s. These two-tiered values closely resemble the surface syntax of RT-FRP
and E-FRP, separating the reactive primitives from the more powerful primitives
of the lambda calculus. The initialization process also avoids copying signal values.
We now have an intermediate representation that is easier to map onto an efficient
concurrent runtime system.




                                          21
4     Concurrent FRP
Elm’s source language allows declarative specifications of user interaction, but how
can a specification be turned into an efficient runtime system? This chapter describes
Concurrent FRP, an efficient variant of FRP that avoids the problems of space leaks,
global delays, and needless recomputations.
    By examining Concurrent ML and eXene in Chapter 2, we saw that GUIs are
naturally concurrent. They have many distinct components that can safely run
independently. Elm’s intermediate representation can be easily mapped onto a
concurrent system. This allows Elm to reap the benefits of concurrency without
low-level concurrency primitives. Instead, concurrency is implicit in the structure
of an Elm program. Each reactive primitive produces a thread, and the structure
of an Elm program indicates how these threads should communicate.
    The order of events is not guaranteed in a concurrent system. Traditional FRP
used sequential updates, so only one event could be processed at a time. This
ensured that the original order of events was maintained. In Concurrent FRP, many
updates can be processed at the same time. Because there are many paths through
the concurrent system, it is possible for an event to “jump ahead” of others. For
instance, key presses could get out of order, unexpectedly scrambling user input. As
with many concurrent systems, Elm must provide a synchronization mechanism for
each thread to maintain the original order of events. This mechanism also ensures
that values are not recomputed unless absolutely necessary, avoiding the needless
recomputation of previous FRP systems.
    In Elm, synchronization is enabled by default, strictly maintaining the global
order of events. But by its very nature, synchronization incurs a delay. It requires
faster results to wait for slower results before moving on. In certain cases, it is
acceptable to ignore the global order of events. Elm’s async primitive allows pro-
grammers to explicitly annotate such cases. By indicating that synchronization is
not necessary, Elm can avoid the delay incurred by synchronization, resulting in
faster updates. The async primitive is the most important part of Concurrent FRP.
It allows the Elm runtime system to run expensive computations entirely indepen-
dently of the rest of the program. This finally solves the problem of global delays.
    After addressing synchronization, we will discuss a direct mapping from Elm’s
intermediate representation to Concurrent ML. This will provide a more concrete
specification of how the concurrent runtime system works. Finally, we will discuss
the maximum theoretical benefits of our concurrent system and what that means
for optimization.

4.1   An Intuition for Signal Graphs
How should Elm’s intermediate representation be mapped onto a concurrent system?
Every Elm program can be thought of as a signal graph: reactive primitives are
nodes, connected by directed edges that indicate the flow of values. This is best
illustrated by example:




                                         22
    Input primitives such as Mouse.x and Mouse.y create hexagonal nodes with no
incoming edges. The first example shows this very simple case. Lifted functions – as
seen in the second example – create nodes that have one or more inputs, allowing us
to transform signals. In the third example, lifting sqrt allows us to take the square
root of the mouse’s current x coordinate. Let-expressions make it possible to use
one signal multiple times. In the third example, we use a let-expression to double
the current y coordinate.
    Nodes perform computation on the values received on their incoming edges. The
result is then sent out of every outgoing edge. It is easy to imagine each node running
in parallel, but problems arise quickly. How do we ensure that the order of events
is maintained? Consider the following program which takes in a signal of English
words, pairing both the original word and the French translation of the word in a
2-tuple:

            wordPairs = lift2 (,) words (lift toFrench words)

We assume that words is a primitive input i. The signal graph for wordPairs would
look like this:




    Of the two inputs to lift2, the second input path is much more expensive.
Say that toFrench references a English to French dictionary in memory, so it will
always take longer than just showing the original word. Even if the word events
are fed into the graph in order, there is no guarantee this order will be preserved
as they flow through. Without event order guarantees, wordPairs may produce
mismatched pairings.
    Without a guarantee that event order is preserved, our concurrent system would
create an unpredictable and inconsistent user experience in almost all cases. Imagine
a GUI that sometimes processed keyboard input out of order! How can this be
avoided?

4.2   Signal Graphs and the Global Event Dispatcher
Our event ordering problem is very common in distributed systems [22, 17]. In
our case, the problem is simplified by the fact that Elm’s signal graphs are always
directed acyclic graphs (DAGs). Our reactive primitives created edges that pass

                                          23
information in only one direction (directed). Furthermore, It is impossible for an
edge to depend on itself by looping back into the graph in an arbitrary way (acyclic).
This means that a message will pass through each node only once, never more. Since
we are working with DAGs, feedback loops are impossible. We just need to make
sure that no event “jumps ahead” of any other as we saw in the wordPairs example.
    Elm uses a global event dispatcher to ensure that events are properly distributed.
This dispatcher manages all of the input to an Elm program. Whenever a new event
comes in, the event dispatcher notifies all input nodes, even if the update does not
change the node. Input nodes can be thought of as having an implied incoming edge
from the global event dispatcher.




    In this diagram, “The World” signifies any external data source. All interactions
with the external world – mouse movements, key presses, file I/O, HTTP requests,
etc. – pass from the world to the global event dispatcher.
    Every node is reachable from an input node. By sending updates to every input
node, we know that every internal node will eventually receive the updates as well.
Our graph edges are queued – first-in-first-out – which guarantees that no update
“jumps ahead” of another.
    More formally, the concurrent system and global event dispatcher works as fol-
lows:

   • Each node is a concurrent thread, and each edge is a channel.

   • Multi-input nodes must receive a value from each input edge before computing
     a result.

   • All input nodes receive a notification when any event occurs. When the event
     is relevant to the input node, it passes along its new value. In the more com-
     mon case, that the event is irrelevant, the input node passes along a message
     indicating that nothing has changed.

   • Each edge in the graph is queued. This is useful for nodes with multiple
     inputs. If one input is updated more quickly than the others, it just waits on
     the queued edge. This accommodates many different flow rates within a signal
     graph.

Note that input nodes always propagate a message, even if it just says “no change”.
These “no change” messages are a form of memoization. A naive implementation
would always propagate the actual value, causing every node in the graph to re-
compute its value. This is an easy way to ensure that every internal node receives
messages from input nodes, but it is wasteful because an update indicates that one
input value has changed, not all inputs. Therefore, much of resulting recomputation


                                         24
would be wasted work, producing exactly the same value as previously computed.
The “no change” messages avoid these unnecessary recomputations.
    Continuous formulations of FRP struggled with discrete inputs. Elm solves this
problem with “no change” messages. These messages tell nodes to send along the
latest computed value rather than computing it again. Thus, discrete inputs only
cause computations when a relevant event occurs.
    The synchronization mechanisms specified in this section ensure that the order
of events is maintained without causing unnecessary recomputations. Looking back
at the wordPairs example, we see that these mechanisms make it impossible to
create mismatched translations. The node that combines English and French words
must wait on a message from both inputs. Messages on the English path just queue
up if they arrive too quickly.

4.3   Asynchronous Updates
There is a tension between synchronization and fast updates. Elm’s synchronization
scheme is necessary, but it imposes an update delay. Lift nodes are forced to wait
for an input on all incoming edges, even if one input takes much longer to compute
than the others. This may cause an unacceptable delay.
    Consider an expression that combines our wordPairs signal with the mouse
position.
                      lift2 (,) wordPairs Mouse.position
For simplicity, this example uses Mouse.position directly, but the following ar-
guments still apply when the mouse position is used in more exciting ways. The
important aspect of this example is that one input updates quickly and frequently,
whereas the other input updates less often and less quickly. This example gives us
the following graph:




    We know that the order of events must be maintained within the wordPairs
section of the graph, but do we need to maintain the global order of events? Imagine
that this graph receives one words event and then five mouse events. All mouse
inputs would be delayed until the English word has been successfully translated.
But why? These inputs are unrelated, so there is no reason for the mouse updates
to wait. From the user’s perspective, it is perfectly fine if the mouse events “jump
ahead” of the translation events. The resulting system would be more responsive.
    This is the role of the async primitive. Think of it as an annotation that says,
“this subgraph does not need to respect the global order of events”. The async
primitive simply performs a local graph rewrite.


                                        25
    It replaces a normal graph node with an input node, allowing the computation
f to take place while other events flow through the graph. This behavior is better
explained by returning to our example.
    In this case, we can use async to indicate that the wordPairs subgraph should
not block mouse updates.

                   let pairs = async wordPairs in
                     lift2 (,) pairs Mouse.position

This produces a graph with two fairly distinct sections: the “primary subgraph” that
combines translation pairs with the mouse position and the “secondary subgraph”
that produces translation pairs.




    The primary subgraph – on the right – is now much smaller than the original
fully-synchronous graph. It just combines two input values, a fairly quick operation.
The values produced by the secondary subgraph are sent to the global event dis-
patcher whenever they are ready. Thus, the primary subgraph does not block mouse
events while a translation is in progress. Notice that the wordPairs subgraph still
ensures that translations are always paired correctly.
    Returning to our original event order – one event for the words input and then
five events for the mouse input – we see the that the translation no longer blocks
mouse updates. The first event does not cause any new computation in the primary
subgraph. The five mouse events are propagated through, performing minor com-
putations. When the translation is finally complete, the global event dispatcher will
pass the translation pair to the primary subgraph. This means the pairs update
will come after all of the mouse updates.
    Effectively, the async primitive breaks a fully synchronous graph into one pri-
mary subgraph and an arbitrary number of secondary subgraphs running indepen-
dently. Event order is maintained within each subgraph, but not between them. The
resulting graph is more responsive, but it does not respect global event ordering. In
the example above, this is a desirable improvement.

                                         26
   In cases that permit asynchrony, async can significantly improve update speeds
by removing a long computation from the primary subgraph. This powerful op-
timization is often possible in graphical user interfaces, which tend to be fairly
modular. With the async primitive, we have finally found a way to allow expensive
computations without slowing down the entire program.

4.4   Translation to Concurrent ML
Having developed an understanding of Concurrent FRP, we will now explore how
to translate Elm’s intermediate representation to a concurrent runtime. We will
target Concurrent ML because it is type-safe and theoretically well understood.
Nonetheless, the approach taken here is quite general, so many other concurrent
backends could be targeted with the same approach.
    To help us with the translation, we define a small set of useful functions in
Figure 4 on page 27. These helper functions include two important definitions: the
event data type which includes a “change” or “no change” flag to avoid needless
recomputation and a guid function to create globally unique identifiers.
    Next we have the basics of our concurrent runtime system in Figure 5 on page 28.
The basic runtime system includes two important loops: the global event dispatcher
eventDispatch which propagates events and the display loop displayLoop which
updates the user’s view as new display values are produced. Together, these loops
are the input and output for an Elm program, with eventDispatch feeding values
in and displayLoop outputing values to the screen.
    The global event dispatcher receives notifications of new events through the
newEvent mailbox. This mailbox is a queued channel, guaranteeing that the order
of event notifications is preserved.
    An event notification carries a unique identifier indicating which input has
changed. Upon receiving an event notification, the global event dispatcher sends
the event ID out through the eventNotify multi-cast channel. This multi-cast
channel – or mChannel – sends the event ID to all input nodes.
    The displayLoop depends on the translation of an Elm program in intermediate
form s. The translation produces both the initialDisplay which is the first screen
to be displayed and the nextDisplay channel upon which display updates are sent.
The display loop just funnels values from the nextDisplay channel to the screen.
    We finally turn to the translation from s values to Concurrent ML as seen is
Figure 6 on page 30. This translation takes in an s value and produces a pair. The


datatype ’a event = NoChange ’a | Change ’a
either f g e = case e of | NoChange v => f v
                         | Change v => g v
change = either (fn _ => False) (fn _ => True)
bodyOf = either id id

counter = ref 0
guid () = counter := !counter + 1; !counter

                           Figure 4: Helper Functions


                                        27
newEvent = mailbox ()
eventNotify = mChannel ()
eventDispatch () = let id = recv newEvent in
                   send eventNotify id ; eventDispatch ()

initialDisplay, nextDisplay = JsK
send display initialDisplay
displayLoop () = let v = recv nextDisplay in
                 send display v ; displayLoop ()

spawn eventDispatch ; spawn displayLoop

                   Figure 5: Concurrent ML Runtime System


pair contains the initial value of the program and the signal graph that updates
on events. The translations correspond to the graph representation we built up in
previous sections, which are all displayed in the following diagram.




   The most important part of each translation is the loop function which specifies
the behavior of the resulting thread.
   First we have the translation for input signals i. Until now we have just thought


                                        28
of an input as an identifier in the set Input, but now that we are providing a runtime
system, we can give a better interpretation. When translating to CML, an input i
is a 3-tuple containing (1) a unique identifier which allows the runtime system to
differentiate between input signals, (2) a multi-channel event source that sends new
values along from the runtime system, and (3) a default value which ensures that
no signal is undefined.
    An input thread receives event IDs from the eventNotify multi-channel. If the
ID matches the input thread’s internal ID, it takes a value from its event source
and passes it along. Otherwise, it just maintains its current value, passing a “no
change” message.
    Next we have the translation for lift nodes. A lift node has one function and n
signals. Each of the n signals must be translated, producing n default inputs and
n input channels. The default inputs are used to compute the default value of the
current node. The loop for lift waits to receive a message from every input channel.
It then checks to see if any of the inputs have changed. If so, the new output value
is computed and a change is reported. Otherwise, the node sends a “no change”
message with the most recent output value.
    Fold nodes take one input, but rather than taking the default value from the
input, fold nodes use their base value v as the default. Upon receiving a new input
value, the fold node uses the accumulator function f to combine the new value and
the existing node state. This new value is passed along to the next node and then
saved as the current node state.
    Let expressions and variables work together to ensure that Elm’s runtime sys-
tem does not have duplicate nodes. A let expression node serves as a multi-cast
station, forwarding messages along to many different nodes. The let expression
node computes a default value and creates a multi-cast channel. The variable node
just returns the given default value and creates a port on the multi-cast channel.
    Asynchronous nodes spawn a loop just like any other node, but instead of re-
turning on the output channel of the loop, it returns a new input node. The loop
ignores any “no change” messages. Since everything remains the same, there is no
need to trigger a new global event. When the loop receives a new value, it passes
it along to the newly created input node and informs the global event dispatcher
that an event has occurred via the newEvent channel. This triggers an update,
propagating the asynchronously computed value through the concurrent system.




                                         29
J hid, mcin , vi K = spawn (fn _ => loop v) ; (v, cout )
  where cin , cout = port mcin , mailbox ()
        eid = port eventNotify
        loop prev =
            let msg = if recv eid == id then Change (recv cin )
                                          else NoChange prev
            in send cout msg ; loop (bodyOf msg)

Jliftn f s1 ... sn K = spawn (fn _ => loop v) ; (v, cout )
  where (v1 , c1 ), ... , (vn , cn ) = Js1 K, ... , Jsn K
         v, cout = f v1 ... vn , mailbox ()
         loop prev =
            let (m1 , ... , mn ) = (recv c1 , ... , recv cn )
                  msg = if exists change [m1 , ... , mn ] then
                           Change (f (bodyOf x1 ) ... (bodyOf xn ))
                         else NoChange prev
            in send cout msg ; loop (bodyOf msg)

Jfoldp f v sin K = spawn (fn _ => loop v) ; (v, cout )
  where (_, cin ), cout = Jsin K, mailbox ()
         loop acc = let msg = case recv cin of
                                   | NoChange _ -> NoChange acc
                                   |   Change v -> Change (f v acc)
                      in send cout msg ; loop (bodyOf msg)

Jlet x = sin in sout K = spawn loop ; (let xv ,xch = v,mcout in Jsout K)
  where (v, cin ), mcout = Jsin K, mChannel ()
        loop () = send mcout (recv cin ) ; loop ()

JxK = (xv , port xch )

Jasync sin K = spawn loop ; J hid, cout , vi K
  where (v, cin ), cout , id = Jsin K, mChannel (), guid ()
         loop () = case recv cin of
                       | NoChange _ -> loop ()
                       |   Change v -> send cout v ;
                                         send newEvent id ; loop ()

               Figure 6: Translation from Signal Values to CML




                                      30
4.5   Benefits of Concurrency
Traditional FRP performed each update one-by-one. This is the worst case sce-
nario in Concurrent FRP. Elm’s concurrent runtime provides two major benefits –
parallelism and pipelining – which can significantly improve update speeds.
    Computations are said to be parallel when they are performed simultaneously in
hardware. Given n computations that each take time ti , running them sequentially
             P
would take      ti whereas running them in parallel would take max ti . Because an
Elm program consists of many concurrent threads, the work required for one update
can be parallelized. Computations can overlap each other in time, reducing the total
time needed for a single update.
    Parallelism improves latency: the time needed for a single update. Latency
can be further improved with the async primitive. This primitive can remove long
computations from an update entirely. When used on expensive computations,
async also reduces the synchronization delays. Together, parallelism and async
permit significant improvements to latency.
    Traditional FRP computes each update one at a time. One update must end
before the next update can begin. Pipelining is when multiple updates are performed
simultaneously. Pipelining improves throughput: the rate at which multiple updates
can be performed. Given a computation that takes time t, running it five times in
sequence would take time 5t. With pipelining, each of the five runs can overlap in
time, making 5t the worst case scenario. Note that a single update still takes the
same amount of time, but since they can occur simultaneously multiple updates can
be processed in less time.
    Pipelining is most effective when a computation can be broken up into many
equally sized chunks. This maximizes the number of computations that can be
running at the same time. If one chunk takes longer than the others it becomes
a bottleneck. These bottlenecks can be removed with async primitive, further im-
proving throughput.
    Optimizations in Elm – such as graph rewrites or algebraic rewrites of the in-
termediate language – must consider parallelism and pipelining. Arrowized FRP
was able to achieve a speed-up of two orders of magnitude by collapsing all of their
signal functions – the equivalent of nodes – into a single monolithic node [23]. As
we have seen, this does not allow any parallelism or pipelining, so this approach is
not appropriate for Elm. Elm must strike a balance between reducing the number
of nodes and taking advantage of parallelism and pipelining. Finding this balance
is a topic for future work.




                                        31
5     Functional GUIs with Elm
Elm is a declarative language for graphical user interfaces. Elm uses a declarative
approach to graphical layout, allowing the programmer to say what they want to
display, without getting bogged down in exactly how this should be done. Elm has
two major categories of graphical primitives: elements and forms. These categories
attempt to balance simplicity and flexibility, making it as easy as possible for a
programmer to turn their idea for a display into an actual display.
    Elm’s basic visual building block is the Element, a rectangle with a known
width and height. Elements can contain text, images, or video. They can be easily
created and composed, making it simple to quickly lay out a multimedia display.
Elm’s elements are also designed to promote a clean separation between data and
data presentation. Frameworks such as HTML conflate data and data presentation,
forcing you to directly annotate data with how it should be displayed. By combining
these two distinct aspects of a multimedia display, HTML becomes frail; it is difficult
to add more data and to change how the data is displayed because each is dependent
on the other.
    A general framework for multimedia displays should not be limited to rectangles.
Elm’s second visual building block is the Form, which allows irregular shapes and
text. Forms permit lines and irregular polygons to be displayed in a non-structured
way. Forms can be moved, rotated, and scaled. They can overlap each other. Forms
allow much greater freedom than Elm’s rectangular elements, providing the ability
to create richer and more complicated layouts when necessary.
    Elements and forms are designed to work naturally with the functional reac-
tive paradigm, cleanly interactive with Elm’s reactive primitives. This chapter in-
troduces all of the basics of GUI programming in Elm, using an example-driven
approach. New functions will be accompanied by real examples of their use. You
can follow along with the interactive code editor at elm-lang.org. There you will
find a fully functional code editor and compiler, so you can get started with only a
browser.

5.1   The Elements of Data Display
Elm’s basic unit of presentation is the Element. These design elements also inspired
the name of this language. For ease of composition, all Elements are rectangles.
Primitive elements include text, images, and video.

                  text, image, video :: String -> Element

With the text function, we can already write our first real program in Elm, shown
in Figure 7. The value of main is used as the screen output. In this case, we output
the text “Hello, World!”. Note that each of these primitives is rectangular, making


                          main = text "Hello, World!"



                              Figure 7: Hello, World!


                                          32
        main = flow right [ video "bear.ogg", image "elm.jpg" ]




                           Figure 8: Element Layout

them easy to combine. Elm has one major way to combine primitive elements: the
flow function.
              flow :: Direction -> [Element] -> Element
          up, down :: Direction
       left, right :: Direction
   inward, outward :: Direction
The flow function allows the creation of complicated layouts, as seen in Figure 8
which shows a video and an image. The flow function can define a number of useful
composition functions.
above e1 e2 = flow down [ e1, e2 ]
below e1 e2 = flow up     [ e1, e2 ]
beside e1 e2 = flow right [ e1, e2 ]
layer elems = flow inward elems
Although not strictly necessary, these derived functions are sometimes more natural
than flow. For instance, the layout code from Figure 8 – showing a video and image,
side-by-side – can also be defined in terms of beside.

            main = video "bear.ogg" `beside` image "elm.jpg"

A normal function quoted with grave accents can be used in the infix position,
allowing a more natural reading of some functions.
    In addition to creating and composing Elements, we need to be able to resize
elements.
        width, height :: Int -> Element -> Element
                 size :: Int -> Int -> Element -> Element
This small set of primitives accounts for most common layouts. Let’s look at these
primitives in a more complicated example. Given a list of people, this example –
shown in Figure 9 – displays their name and photo. In this example people is a
variable bound to a list of pairs. The display variable is a function from pairs to
elements, displaying a person’s image above their name. The map function applies
display to all of the pairs in people, resulting in a list of elements which can be
displayed with flow.

                                        33
people = [ ( "Alonzo Church" , "church.jpg" )
         , ( "Kurt Godel"    , "godel.jpg" )
         , ( "Alan Turing"   , "turing.jpg" )
         ]

display (name,pic) = image pic `above` text name
main = flow right (map display people)




                          Figure 9: Combining Elements

    The example in Figure 9 illustrates two of our goals. (1) It demonstrates the
natural creation and composition of standard GUI elements. The display function
is fairly straightforward, placing an image above a name. (2) More importantly,
this example cleanly separates data from display. We could add or remove tuples to
people without touching display. Alternatively, we could completely change the
display code without changing any data.
    Elm’s separation of data and display also make it easy to handle dynamic data.
If the list of people was instead provided by a server call, our display code would not
need to change drastically. We would just need to lift the code to act on a signal of
people:

           main = lift (flow right . map display) peopleSignal

This simple example would be frighteningly complicated with pure HTML and CSS.
Note that the period signifies function composition, so (f . g) is exactly the same
as (λx → f (g x)).

5.2   Irregular Forms and Complex Composition
Rectangles are boring. What about triangles and pentagons? These shapes do not
compose as naturally as rectangles, so they do not make good layout primitives.
Nonetheless, they are important and useful.
    To supplement the purely rectangular world of Elements, Elm has a more flexible
set of layout primitives called forms. A form is an arbitrary 2D shape enhanced by
texture and color. This includes lines, shapes, text, and images. There are currently
two ways to create a form: with lines and with shapes. Forms can also be moved,
rotated, and scaled.
    A collage gives you the ability to combine a variety of 2D forms in an unstruc-
tured way. Every collage has a width, height, and list of forms.

                 collage :: Int -> Int -> [Form] -> Element

                                          34
zigzag = line [ (10,10), (20,20), (30,10), (40,20) ]
main = collage 50 30 [ solid red zigzag ]



                                  Figure 10: Lines


This defines both the available space and the forms that fill it. Furthermore, it
ensures that an Element is still a well-behaved rectangle, even if its constituents are
not.

5.2.1    Lines
Lines are the simplest sub-form, defined as a sequence of points. After creating a
line, it can be turned into a form by adding color and visual style. As suggested by
the function names, it is possible to create solid, dotted, and dashed lines.

                            line :: [(Int,Int)] -> Line
           solid, dotted, dashed :: Color -> Line -> Form

These functions were named to allow very natural collage specifications. Consider
the extremely small collage shown in Figure 10. The zigzag line is displayed in a
declarative style that reads very naturally. The line is hard-coded in this example,
but it need not be. Lines can be created with the full power of Elm, making it easier
to create complicated lines and shapes.

5.2.2    Shapes
Shapes are a high-level way to think about forms in a collage. Rather than thinking
on a pixel-by-pixel level, shapes give you an abstract entity that can be moved and
manipulated. The existing shape primitives are as follows:

                 polygon :: [(Int,Int)] -> Shape
        rect, oval, ngon :: Int -> Int -> (Int, Int) -> Shape
        filled, outlined :: Color -> Shape -> Form
           customOutline :: [Int] -> Color -> Shape -> Form

   With polygon, shapes can be defined as a sequence of points. This differs from
the line function in that a polygon is always closed, connecting the first and last
point in the given sequence. This function allows the creation of any two-dimensional
polygon, regular or irregular, concave or convex.
   Although shape is extremely flexible, it can become tedious to define all shapes
that way. Therefore, a number of common cases have special purpose functions.
rect and oval create rectangles and ovals when given a width, height, and midpoint.
The ngon function produces a regular polygon when given a number of edges, a
radius, and a midpoint. Here radius represents the distance from midpoint to vertex.
   Just as with a Line, a Shape becomes a form when given a color and visual style.
The possible visual styles are exactly as their names suggest: filled for filled in
shapes, outlined for a solid outline, and customOutline for arbitrary outlining
patterns.

                                          35
square   = rect 130 130 (70,70)
circle   = oval 110 110 (70,70)
pentagon = ngon 5    45 (70,70)

main = collage 140 140
         [ filled green pentagon
         , outlined black square
         , customOutline [8,4] blue circle
         ]




                   Figure 11: Creating and Combining Shapes

   With this relatively small set of primitives, it is easy to create complex yet
readable compositions. In the example in Figure 11, we first create a square, circle,
and pentagon and then compose them together in a collage. Just as with the Line
example, creating complex irregular scenes is quite straightforward and natural.

5.2.3    Move, Rotate, and Scale
A set of standard transformations can be applied to any Form:
                   move :: Int -> Int -> Form -> Form
          rotate, scale :: Int -> Form -> Form
    With these transformations, forms can be arbitrarily moved, rotated, and scaled.
This makes it possible to create abstract transformations and animations that act
on any kind of form.
    More advanced Form manipulation is possible, but not yet implemented. Elm’s
shape primitives open the door for complex shape creation with functions like union
and intersection which could combine existing shapes or check for collisions. This
would be quite useful, but calculating the union and intersection of arbitrary shapes
is a notoriously difficult and costly problem in general. Although possible, it has
not made it into Elm yet.

5.3     Reactive GUIs
So far we have only seen static values. These programs are extremely efficient but
make for a rather uninteresting user interface. We’ll now introduce some basic,
event-driven signals:

Mouse Signals: For mouse coordinates we have Mouse.x and Mouse.y, both inte-
   ger signals. We also have Mouse.position, a tuple of both mouse coordinates.

                                         36
update key index =
    case key of { Just ‘f’ -> index + 1
                ; Just ‘b’ -> index - 1
                ; _        -> index }

index = foldp update 0 Keyboard.keyPress

pics = [ "church.jpg", "godel.jpg", "turing.jpg" ]
display i = image $ ith (i `mod` length pics) pics

main = lift display index




            Figure 12: A Simple Slide-Show: Reacting to User Input


     To monitor the left button we have two boolean signals: Mouse.isDown which
     is true when the left button is pressed down and Mouse.isClicked which is
     true very briefly following each click.

Keyboard Signals: Keyboard.keysDown carries a list of currently pressed keys
    and Keyboard.keyPress carries a key option that briefly holds the value of
    each pressed key.

Window Signals: Window.width and Window.height provide the dimensions of
    window. Window.dimensions combines these two values into a single tuple.

Time Signals: Time.before and Time.after take a time and return a boolean
    signal indicating whether it is before or after that time. Time.every takes a
    time t. The resulting signal starts at zero and, every t seconds, it is updated
    to the time since the program began. This function permits time-indexed
    animations and allows update rates to be tuned by the programmer.

Input Signals: This includes standard input elements like text boxes, buttons,
    and sliders. All input signals are paired with an input element that can
    be displayed on the screen. Elm currently supports Input.textField and
    Input.password. Both take a string and produce a paired element and signal
    of strings. The string appears as greyed out text when the box is empty.

   These signals can be quite useful in specifying GUIs. We already saw some
simple reactive examples in Chapter 3, so we will now look at a more complex
scenario. The example in Figure 12 displays a single image of a set. The user can
cycle through all of the available images by pressing ‘f’ and ‘b’ which stand for

                                        37
forward and back. In the given diagram, the arrows indicate possible transitions
between portraits, not actual graphical elements.
    The code naturally divides into a reactive section and a display section. If we
ever want to change how the user switches between images, we just need to change
index. It could just as easily be replaced with a signal that counts mouse clicks or
increments after a given time interval.

5.4   The Benefits of Functional GUIs
As our examples have illustrated, Elm can represent fairly complex interactions with
a small amount of code. The signal abstraction encourages a separation between re-
active code and display code. The display code itself lends itself to a clean separation
of data and data presentation. GUI programmers strive for these separations, but
imperative GUI frameworks test their resolve. In Elm, divisions between data code,
display code, and user interaction code arise fairly naturally, helping programmers
write robust GUI code.




                                          38
6    Implementing Elm
Elm targets the most widespread GUI platform – the web. Targeting HTML, CSS,
and JavaScript has many practical benefits:

    • Elm can already run in any browser that supports modern web standards.
      This enables wide device support without an unwieldy backend.

    • Browser-incompatibilities are no longer a problem for developers, only for
      compiler writers.

    • Elm circumvents JavaScript’s notoriously small standard library.

    • The web’s low-level API’s can be encapsulated in more pleasant abstractions.
      For example, collage abstracts away the low-level imperative canvas interface.
      Elements abstract away many of the unpleasant aspects of composition and
      styling that come with HTML and CSS, such as the surprisingly difficult task
      of centering elements.

Elm’s current implementation achieves all of these benefits. But targeting the web
comes with a number of important downsides that have not yet been adequately
addressed in this implementation. JavaScript has the following limitations:

    • Tail-call optimization is generally unsupported today. This may change in the
      next revision of JavaScript (EcmaScript version 6, optimistically nicknamed
      Harmony).

    • Concurrency support is limited. JavaScript supports “workers”, which are
      independent threads of execution that can communicate only through message
      passing. This sounds extremely promising, but there are severe limitations on
      the kinds of values that can be passed. Currently, functions cannot be passed
      between workers; only primitive values such as numbers, strings, arrays, and
      records are allowed.
      Furthermore, workers are heavy-weight threads. They create OS-level threads
      with a large memory footprint, very different from threads in Concurrent ML.
      Therefore, it is not feasible to map nodes onto workers. Thread pooling would
      bring the cost of this strategy down, making it a practical option.

Neither of these limitations are fatal to Elm. In fact, the tail-call optimization
problem is widely acknowledged by the JavaScript community, and many source
level solutions have been proposed. A compile-time optimization should be able to
avoid this problem.
    JavaScript’s limited concurrency support is more troubling. Elm must work
around the fact that JavaScript’s “workers” use heavy-weight threads that cannot
pass functions. If Elm avoids workers entirely, thread pooling would provide the
benefits of async, but not parallelism. Elm could be more flexible though, condi-
tionally allowing nodes to appear in a worker. If a node does not take functions as
input or produce functions as output, it can be placed in a worker.
    Alternatively, the concurrency problem can be “solved” with an extremely un-
pleasant hack. Elm could be compiled to a sublanguage that avoids variable capture


                                         39
[2]. From there, JavaScript’s toString and eval functions could be used to trans-
mit functions as strings. In addition to being quite infrastructure heavy, this would
also provide an opportunity to compromise security. This option does not appear
to be worthwhile.
     Those are the future difficulties, but almost all of the code presented in this
thesis already runs in the current implementation of Elm. The only exception is the
keyboard signals. Fortunately, this feature does not pose any fundamental issues,
so the addition of keyboard signals will be time-consuming but straightforward.
     The Elm compiler itself is written entirely in Haskell. Haskell provides many
useful libraries that make this a good choice. Many parsing libraries exist, making
it relatively pleasant to create a lexer and parser. The current version of the compiler
does some mild optimizations – such as constant propagation – before generating
JavaScript. The runtime system for the generated JavaScript is a combination of
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that handles events and screen updates.
     Elm’s website is written primarily in Elm and served using Haskell. Excluding
the code editor, the entire website is written in Elm. Haskell was chosen as the
server framework because it was already the language used to write the compiler.
This allows the server and compiler to interact very cleanly. Although this choice
was initially made for convenience, it has become an important part of writing
code in Elm. Rather than compile an Elm project and serve that code with some
separate framework, the combination compiler/server can compile and serve Elm
files automatically. When an Elm file is changed, the compiler/server automatically
starts serving the new version, making the changes immediately viewable in a web
browser.




                                          40
7    Conclusion
Elm is a declarative approach to graphical user interfaces. Concurrent FRP allows
programmers to specify user interactions on a very high level. Concurrent FRP also
addresses some of FRP’s long-standing efficiency problems: needless recomputation
and global delays. An Elm programmer does not need to worry about including
long computations or discrete inputs in their program. Furthermore, Elm’s declar-
ative graphics libraries make it simple to create complex multimedia displays. To-
gether, Concurrent FRP and declarative graphics libraries simplify the creation of
rich graphical user interfaces.
    Elm also promotes an approach to functional GUIs that cleanly separates data
from data presentation, and display code from reactive code. These natural separa-
tions make it easier to write modular and maintainable code.
    Concurrent FRP creates many areas for future work:
    • Exploring the connections between Elm and Arrowized FRP. A discrete version
      of AFRP would almost certainly map onto a concurrent system as described
      in this work. Since Elm compiles for the web, AFRP can also be adapted to
      run in browsers. Arrows could also be used to test and modify Elm signals.
    • Creating events. It may be possible for events to trigger new events in a
      controlled way, allowing more robust signal creation. This may allow event-
      driven FRP to replicate the functionality of continuous signals.
    • Filtering events. Elm notably leaves out a primitive that could filter out event
      updates. Because foldp updates on every incoming event, it might be nice to
      have a way to drop events entirely. This quickly requires tough design choices
      because, if introduced naively, such a primitive could lead to undefined signals.
      As presented, Elm signals are always defined, ruling out this problem. Is there
      a nice way to include this functionality without introducing undefined signals?
      Would filter for signals need a default value?
    • An exploration of algebraic reductions of Elm’s intermediate language. When
      does reduction help? Is it useful to create more nodes than specified by the
      programmer? How is concurrency best utilized?
    • Elm’s synchronization mechanisms currently require many “no change” mes-
      sages. A more efficient solution might determine each node’s update dependen-
      cies and pass the “no change” message directly to an internal node, skipping
      over the many intermediate nodes that would have just forwarded the message
      along.
    • An exploration of the connection between FRP and Umut Acar’s self-adjusting
      code [1, 4]. These two paradigms appear to have much in common. Nodes
      that are updated as outlined by Acar are likely to be much more efficient.
     I hope that my contributions and questions will help push FRP towards an
efficient and expressive implementation. As a practical language, Elm creates the
opportunity for many projects that focus on common day-to-day tasks such as a
typed data-protocol between Elm and Haskell. From a research perspective, Elm
provides a potential platform for future FRP work that is unencumbered by Haskell’s
design choices. I would welcome contributions or collaborations on either front.

                                          41
References
 [1] Umut A. Acar, Guy E. Blelloch, and Robert Harper. Adaptive functional
     programming. ACM Trans. Program. Lang. Syst., 28:990–1034, November 2006.

 [2] Andrew Appel. Compiling with continuations. Cambridge University Press,
     1992.

 [3] Kimberley Burchett, Gregory H. Cooper, and Shriram Krishnamurthi. Lower-
     ing: A static optimization technique for transparent functional reactivity. In
     In ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Partial Evaluation and Semantics-Based
     Program Manipulation, pages 71–80. ACM Press, 2007.

 [4] Yan Chen, Joshua Dunfield, Matthew A. Hammer, and Umut A. Acar. Implicit
     self-adjusting computation for purely functional programs. In Proceedings of
     the 16th ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Functional programming,
     ICFP ’11, pages 129–141, New York, NY, USA, 2011. ACM.

 [5] Antony Courtney. Frappé: Functional reactive programming in java. In Pro-
     ceedings of the Third International Symposium on Practical Aspects of Declar-
     ative Languages, PADL ’01, pages 29–44, London, UK, 2001. Springer-Verlag.

 [6] Antony Courtney and Conal Elliott. Genuinely functional user interfaces. In
     In Proceedings of the 2001 Haskell Workshop, pages 41–69, 2001.

 [7] Antony Courtney, Henrik Nilsson, and John Peterson. The yampa arcade.
     In Proceedings of the 2003 ACM SIGPLAN workshop on Haskell, Haskell ’03,
     pages 7–18, New York, NY, USA, 2003. ACM.

 [8] Dustin Deboer and Alley Stoughton. On the future of exene, 2005.

 [9] Conal Elliott. Push-pull functional reactive programming. In Proceedings of
     the 2nd ACM SIGPLAN symposium on Haskell, Haskell ’09, pages 25–36, New
     York, NY, USA, 2009. ACM.

[10] Conal Elliott and Paul Hudak. Functional reactive animation. In Proceedings
     of the second ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Functional program-
     ming, ICFP ’97, pages 263–273, New York, NY, USA, 1997. ACM.

[11] Emden R. Gansner and John H. Reppy. A foundation for programming envi-
     ronments. In Proceedings of the second ACM SIGSOFT/SIGPLAN software
     engineering symposium on Practical software development environments, SDE
     2, pages 218–227, New York, NY, USA, 1987. ACM.

[12] Emden R. Gansner and John H. Reppy. exene, 1991.

[13] Emden R. Gansner and John H. Reppy. A foundation for user interface con-
     struction. In Brad A. Myers, editor, Languages for Developing User Interfaces,
     pages 239–260. Bartlett, 1992.

[14] Emden R. Gansner and John H. Reppy. The exene library manual (version
     0.4), 1993.


                                        42
[15] Emden R. Gansner and John H. Reppy. A multi-threaded higher-order user
     interface toolkit, pages 61–80. John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, NY, USA,
     1993.

[16] George Giorgidze and Henrik Nilsson. Switched-on yampa: declarative pro-
     gramming of modular synthesizers. In Proceedings of the 10th international
     conference on Practical aspects of declarative languages, PADL’08, pages 282–
     298, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2008. Springer-Verlag.

[17] Vassos Hadzilacos and Sam Toueg. A modular approach to fault-tolerant broad-
     casts and related problems. Technical report, Ithaca, NY, USA, 1994.

[18] Paul Hudak. Modular domain specific languages and tools. In in Proceedings
     of Fifth International Conference on Software Reuse, pages 134–142. IEEE
     Computer Society Press, 1998.

[19] John Hughes. Generalising monads to arrows. Sci. Comput. Program., 37:67–
     111, May 2000.

[20] Gregory Hager Izzet Pembeci, Henrik Nilsson. System presentation – functional
     reactive robotics: An exercise in principled integration of domain-specific lan-
     guages, 2002.

[21] Neelakantan R. Krishnaswami and Nick Benton. Ultrametric semantics of re-
     active programs, 2011.

[22] Leslie Lamport. Time, clocks, and the ordering of events in a distributed system.
     Commun. ACM, 21:558–565, July 1978.

[23] Hai Liu, Eric Cheng, and Paul Hudak. Causal commutative arrows and their
     optimization. In Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGPLAN international confer-
     ence on Functional programming, ICFP ’09, pages 35–46, New York, NY, USA,
     2009. ACM.

[24] Hai Liu and Paul Hudak. Plugging a space leak with an arrow. Electron. Notes
     Theor. Comput. Sci., 193:29–45, November 2007.

[25] Conor Mcbride and Ross Paterson. Applicative programming with effects. J.
     Funct. Program., 18:1–13, January 2008.

[26] Leo A. Meyerovich, Arjun Guha, Jacob Baskin, Gregory H. Cooper, Michael
     Greenberg, Aleks Bromfield, and Shriram Krishnamurthi. Flapjax: a program-
     ming language for ajax applications. In Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGPLAN
     conference on Object oriented programming systems languages and applications,
     OOPSLA ’09, pages 1–20, New York, NY, USA, 2009. ACM.

[27] Henrik Nilsson. Dynamic optimization for functional reactive programming
     using generalized algebraic data types. In Proceedings of the tenth ACM SIG-
     PLAN international conference on Functional programming, ICFP ’05, pages
     54–65, New York, NY, USA, 2005. ACM.




                                         43
[28] Henrik Nilsson, Antony Courtney, and John Peterson. Functional reactive pro-
     gramming, continued. In Proceedings of the 2002 ACM SIGPLAN workshop on
     Haskell, Haskell ’02, pages 51–64, New York, NY, USA, 2002. ACM.

[29] Ross Paterson. A new notation for arrows. In Proceedings of the sixth ACM SIG-
     PLAN international conference on Functional programming, ICFP ’01, pages
     229–240, New York, NY, USA, 2001. ACM.

[30] John H. Reppy. Concurrent programming in ML. Cambridge University Press,
     1999.

[31] Meurig Sage. Frantk - a declarative gui language for haskell. In Proceedings of
     the fifth ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Functional programming,
     ICFP ’00, pages 106–117, New York, NY, USA, 2000. ACM.

[32] Neil Sculthorpe and Henrik Nilsson. Safe functional reactive programming
     through dependent types. In Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGPLAN inter-
     national conference on Functional programming, ICFP ’09, pages 23–34, New
     York, NY, USA, 2009. ACM.

[33] Zhanyong Wan and Paul Hudak. Functional reactive programming from first
     principles. In Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN 2000 conference on Program-
     ming language design and implementation, PLDI ’00, pages 242–252, New York,
     NY, USA, 2000. ACM.

[34] Zhanyong Wan, Walid Taha, and Paul Hudak. Real-time frp. In Proceedings of
     the sixth ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Functional programming,
     ICFP ’01, pages 146–156, New York, NY, USA, 2001. ACM.

[35] Zhanyong Wan, Walid Taha, and Paul Hudak. Event-driven frp. In Proceed-
     ings of the 4th International Symposium on Practical Aspects of Declarative
     Languages, PADL ’02, pages 155–172, London, UK, UK, 2002. Springer-Verlag.

[36] Dana N. Xu and Siau-Cheng Khoo. Compiling real time functional reactive pro-
     gramming. In Proceedings of the ASIAN symposium on Partial evaluation and
     semantics-based program manipulation, ASIA-PEPM ’02, pages 83–93, New
     York, NY, USA, 2002. ACM.




                                        44
